c:\Users\charl_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\IntegrationTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IntegrationTests.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\IntegrationTests.pdb
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Gilded.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Gilded.pdb
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\IntegrationTests.dll
c:\Users\charl_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Gilded\IntegrationTests\obj\Debug\IntegrationTests.pdb
